[Music]
only 1% can guess the Disney movie in 10
seconds emojis are funny little pics
that help people express emotions in
electronic messages they can be common
objects facial expressions animals foods
or even types of weather emojis make
communication more exciting and lively
but did you know that they can also make
your brain work harder the thing is that
today's emojis are often used to create
cool puzzles in this video you'll have
to figure out which Disney movies have
been encoded with a help of emojis
you'll find even more riddles and brain
teasers on the bright side of life all
you need to do is click the subscription
button oh and remember to ring the
notification bell otherwise you risk
missing something cool you'll have 10
seconds after each emoji riddle to crack
it but if you need more time don't
hesitate to pause the video each correct
answer will earn you one point at the
end of the video you'll find out if you
can be called a true Disney fan and how
well you can speak emoji it might be a
good idea to note down your score as you
go along
[Music]
that's all for today you now have 10
seconds to total up your score are you
ready let's see how well you know Disney
movies your total score is zero to ten
points you are probably not a fan of
Disney production also your friends
don't usually find any emojis attached
to your messages in any case you should
probably reconsider things both Disney
movies and emojis can add a lot of fun
and excitement to your life
your total score is 11 to 20 you might
not know when every Disney movie was
released and you may not recognize some
of the oldest or less famous characters
but at the same time you know all the
hits trying to watch something you
haven't seen before you might be in for
a pleasant surprise your total score is
21 to 30 you're a guru of Disney movies
you know not only the most popular ones
but also those which weren't a huge hit
at the box office that's really
admirable and you're just as skillful
with emojis tell me the truth do you use
at least three of them in each and every
one of your messages what is your
favorite Disney movie was it mentioned
in the quiz tell us in the comments
below hit the like button if you had fun
doing this test and subscribe to join us
on the bright side of life
you